Wow, Omori, your home is really beautiful.
Hey, Omori, come here, there are fish
Wow, you actually have a fish pond here?
Yeah, I used to go fishing here with my grandma
Really? Yes, I want to fish too, right?
Hey, it's hard to do.
Junior year goes by so fast
If only I could stay here forever
Haha, that's okay.
OK
Well, it's a little too late today.
Why don't I take you back?
You just said yes.
But I can move in, right?
Did you just say something?
You just said I'm moving in tomorrow
Okay?
Tomorrow? Hmm.
Assistant Su
Is there a lot of work in the company tomorrow?
Yes, Mr. Fan, the company has a regular meeting tomorrow, oops, Chuchu.
Why don't I take you back first?
Can we talk about this later?
Stop! Did I do something wrong?
Why did you promise Chu Chu to live in just now?
Didn't I hurry up?
I think
You might want him to live in and spend time with you
Ah, that's right.
I want to spend time with him
And who am I now?
I'm you, didn't I think of it?
Besides, he didn't live in either?
No, but you made him a promise
I, Fan Dasen, have always kept my promises
Humph
that
Crying like Lin Daiyu
Am I crying like Lin Daiyu?
Are you not?
I've just never seen myself cry so much
It's so ugly to cry
Don't you kill me?
Otherwise, I will cry and worry about you every day.